Correct and update the definition of RAG Strategizer (#984)
arangodb/docs-hugo: site/content/agentic-ai-suite/_index.md

The Agentic AI Suite is composed of the following major components:

- [**Ada**](ada.md): The AI digital assistant, for natural language interaction and development.
- [**AutoGraph**](autograph/_index.md): Organize enterprise data into a

>   contextual knowledge graph, with the **RAG Strategizer** assigning each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  contextual knowledge graph, with the **AutoRAG** assigning each
```
